are you excited for tomorrow is tomorrow
saturday
no it's the first day of school yeah i'm
not going to go to that
but it's mandatory
[Music]
elizabeth you shouldn't be teaching i
mean i can't think of anyone less suited
to being a teacher
i don't need a blackboard or a classroom
to set an
example so stupid morons
hey elizabeth you gotta like grab a bite
sometime you still a gym teacher
i am yeah then no okay cool well awesome
this one great all right from now on
my full-time job is finding a guy who's
gonna take care of me hi there
scott de la court elizabeth halsey on
the news up how the watch is that a
jaeger lecouch
the family business i love how his eyes
sparkle when he smiles
i want to sit on his hey guys
so did you and your wife just moved to
town i'm not married i actually just got
out of a relationship
she has such a big heart enormous if i
got a new pair of boobs he'd be all over
me but they're really expensive
yeah and you gotta get two of them who
knows maybe you'll win the bonus it what
bonus to the state test whichever
teacher has the highest going
class gets a bonus things are about to
change around here
recess is over we're having our car
worse this weekend
last year's car wash raised six thousand
dollars let's do this
lauren risman's dad called he said we
should have a car wash every weekend
that's bonkers
there is no way that lebron will ever be
jordan call me when lebron has six
championships that's your only argument
it's the only argument i
need sean now who has the answer to my
question
you chubs he's um
whoa wait twilight what do we talk about
in class
don't throw at her throw through her
[Applause]
sign my yearbook hold my balls
[Music]
you